Look, here comes the trouble
I'm afraid this trouble will not end
Dad, dad, get out of here
chairperson
What's going on?
Look how you treated my car
No, I'll give it to you when you leave.
What is ok
I'll be honest with you
We didn't even take the money.
What watch do we move?
The money was confiscated because you are guilty of being a thief.
Could it be that you still go to see a doctor for free?
Besides, you are a doctor
Could it be Charity Hall?
We do prescribe medical care
But I treat the common people at the lowest cost
And I made this for free.
Your uncle drinks it too
Hmph, who's putting bear medicine here?
You just let the patient drink and get sick
If you are sick, you have to be treated
You are interested in my brother's property
It's just a small hollowed-out property